Better instructions for playing with servantes (#74)
windmilleng/servantes: README.md

Fix the error and move on.

#### Startup Error

> Kubernetes Pods can get into `CrashLoopBackOff` when they can't startup, e.g. because they can't find a necessary resource file. Open `snack/main.go` and find the first `log.Fatal`; uncomment it and save.

Reviewer: nice! but maybe a bit of a red herring in re: the error we're telling them to trip. wdyt of this?
```suggestion
Kubernetes Pods can get into `CrashLoopBackOff` when they crash multiple times in a row, e.g. if they always crash on startup because of a runtime error. Open `snack/main.go` and find the first `log.Fatal`; uncomment it and save.
```

2. Run `tilt down` to delete what Tilt has created
3. Open `Tiltfile` in your editor and delete/comment out the entire contents.
4. Run `tilt up` with an empty Tiltfile

> 5. Uncomment the `k8s_yaml`.

Reviewer: oh ha, good call!
